Awesome, you made it to the end of this lesson.
Let's go over a few more acronyms.
Just kidding, let's recap this lesson instead.
In this lesson you learned about a key component of EHR data, code sets.
As a quick reminder,
EHR code sets allow for the comparison of data across various EHR systems.
You first learned about diagnosis codes, in particular,
ICD10-CM, you gain knowledge of what that code set is, why it's important?
How to read them? You also applied that knowledge
by grouping data using EHR codes as well.
Hopefully ICD10-CM codes will be easy to work with from now on.
Then you reduce cardinality of a data set using procedure codes after learning
more about ICD10-PCS, CPT, and HCPCS.
I wonder if the next time you see [inaudible] ,
you'll request procedures by code.
That would either impress or confuse the medical staff.
It might be worth a try though.
Along similar lines, the next time you pick up a pill bottle,
you should be able to break down it's medication code too.
You should also be able to apply your knowledge to deal with
the challenges of working with medication code sets.
Finally, you put all of this code knowledge to work by
grouping in categorizing these code sets with CCS.
I know that was a lot of information to cover,
but now it's time to use that information to transform EHR data in the next lesson.